---
layout: page
title: Conclusions
permalink: /conclusions/
---

Our project has successfully enhanced the ArCo Knowledge Graph by enriching it with additional RDF triples related to Italy’s rich musical heritage. Through the use of SPARQL queries and advanced Large Language Models, we have addressed key gaps, particularly in the representation of musical instruments and their cultural significance. By connecting these elements with the historical event of tarantella, notable liuthers and their construction techniques, we have contributed to a more interconnected and comprehensive digital representation of Italy’s cultural legacy. This work highlights the potential of combining traditional querying techniques with modern AI-driven models. Our use of innovative prompting strategies, such as chain-of-thought, few-shot, zero-shot and generated knowledge prompting, has demonstrated the power of LLMs in both data extraction and generation, providing new insights for future academic and technological endeavors in the cultural heritage domain. 

### Main difficulties
During the project, we encountered several challenges, particularly in the **querying process**. One key issue was ensuring that the queries captured relevant and accurate data. Initial results often lacked specificity, prompting us to refine our approach by narrowing the focus of our queries. This challenge highlighted the need for precision when dealing with complex and expansive datasets, where broader queries might miss crucial details or return irrelevant results. Furthermore, working with **LLMs** brought its own set of difficulties, as interpreting cultural data required careful adjustments to our prompting strategies. Ensuring consistency in the generated and extracted information also posed challenges, especially when integrating diverse historical and contemporary data points.