---
layout: home
---

Welcome to the homepage of our Information Technology Skills final project. Our work focuses on enriching the ArCo Knowledge Graph with new RDF triples related to Italy's musical heritage.

## Technologies and Tools Used

- **SPARQL**: For querying and extracting data from the ArCo Knowledge Graph.
- **ArCo Ontologies**: Utilized to explore and enrich the cultural data.
- **GitHub**: For website hosting and creation.
- **Google Meet**: For virtual meetings and collaboration.
- **Large Language Models (LLMs)**: 
  - [ChatGPT (GPT 4o)](https://chatgpt.com/)
  - [LLaMA 3.1](https://www.llama2.ai/)
- **Prompting Techniques**:
  - Zero-shot
  - Few-shot
  - Chain-of-Thought
  - Generated Knowledge Prompting

## Project Overview

The **Music Heritage** project is part of an academic initiative to explore and enhance the ArCo Knowledge Graph using SPARQL queries and Large Language Models (LLMs). Our team has identified gaps in the representation of certain musical instruments within ArCo and has worked to enrich the graph with additional RDF triples. These enrichments connect these instruments to broader cultural events and notable artisans, ensuring a more comprehensive digital representation of Italy's musical legacy.

### Objectives

- **Enrich the ArCo Knowledge Graph** by identifying missing or incomplete information about musical instruments and their cultural significance.
- **Enhance connectivity** between entities within the graph by introducing new RDF triples that reflect historical and cultural associations.
- **Utilize SPARQL and LLMs** to extract, verify, and generate data that contributes to the cultural narrative represented in ArCo.

## Methodology

Explore the detailed steps we took, from querying the ArCo Knowledge Graph to enriching it using several prompting techniques with various LLMs in the [Methodology](./methodology.md) section.

## Conclusions

todo

<br>

---
<br>

## The Team

Learn more about our team and the collaborative efforts behind this project on the [About Us](./about.md) page.

---

<br>

*This project is part of the Master's degree course in Language, Society, and Communication at the University of Bologna, and it has been developed with the aim of contributing to the preservation and digital representation of Italian cultural heritage.*

This page is maintained by [Palma Mango](https://github.com/palmamango). This page was generated by GitHub Pages.


